Update python recipe to use virtualenv (#61)
databricks/containers: ubuntu/python-conda/README.md

# Conda Python Container

> This image is an alternative to the [python](https://github.com/databricks/containers/tree/master/ubuntu/python) docker image. It provides similar functionality but with the latest conda environment. However, Databricks recommends the default virtualenv-based image, as certain features (e.g. `%pip`) will not work with this recipe on newer runtimes (Databricks Runtime 9.0 and above).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This image is an alternative to the [python](https://github.com/databricks/containers/tree/master/ubuntu/python) docker image. It provides similar functionality but with the latest conda environment. However, Databricks recommends using the default recipe unless you need libraries that are only available from conda, as certain features (e.g. `%pip`) will not work with this recipe on newer runtimes (Databricks Runtime 9.0 and above).
```
